exit guideline for users and group owners (#1411)
rug-cit-hpc/league-of-robots: roles/online_docs/templates/mkdocs/docs/new_group.md

Reviewer: all data in their group and that it is processed in a way that matches the informed consent of the subject from whom the data was collected.

- **You are retiring or going to work in another facility. But the group remains active.**
	- Assign or ask a new person to be the new group owner. We prefer to have 2 group owners. 
	  This new group owner is then also responsible for the bill and correct data management.
- **You no longer need the group anymore for calculating.**
	- Make sure all regular users have followed the [when you leave](../storage/#when-you-leave) steps. If everybody did their job right, no data remains on TMP. Ask your data managers to manage this, to keep everybody on their toes.
	- All data sets are accompanied by a README with the correct information (your name and contact information, responsible PIs, retention time, project numer, used in article/project, data source (human, mouse,....), tissue type (blood, fibroblasts, heart biopt,...), data type (array, NGS, longread,....), .)
	- If only sleeping data sets remain, we have an [archive](../archive) option. This is substantially cheaper compared to PRM storage. Ask [the helpdesk](../contact/) to help setup an archive for your group.

> 	- It is really important to state the retention time. After this date, the responsible PI should re-evaluate this data set and notify the [the helpdesk](../contact/) the data can be deleted or has an updated DMP. See [health-ri.nl](https://www.health-ri.nl/sites/healthri/files/2025-06/Handreiking-evaluatie-biobankcollecties_juni2025_0.pdf) for guidelines concerning bio bank collections, but can be applicable on other data set, if you need some guidelines concerning the decision making.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	- It is really important to state the retention time. After this date, the responsible PI should re-evaluate this data set and notify the [the helpdesk](../contact/) the data can be deleted or has an updated DMP.  If you need some guidelines concerning the decision making see [health-ri.nl](https://www.health-ri.nl/sites/healthri/files/2025-06/Handreiking-evaluatie-biobankcollecties_juni2025_0.pdf) for guidelines concerning bio bank collections, but this can be applied on other data sets as well. 
```
